PR: Redesign of List Models, API routes, with Authorization (Backend) (#59)
hatchways/team-apple-cider: README.md

`curl -X DELETE localhost:5000/prices/product/<product_id>`

### Lists

The API routes for the lists are as follows:

#### _GET one personal list (public or private) created by the user:_
`curl localhost:5000/lists?user_id=<USER_ID>&list_id=<LIST_ID>`

> #### _GET a all list of any user (only authorized users can see private ones):_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### _GET all lists of any one user (only authorized users can see private ones):_
```

`curl localhost:5000/lists?user_id=<USER_ID>`

> #### _GET one list of any user (only authorized users can see private ones):_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### _GET one list of any user (public list only):_
```
-since this route does not check if user is authorized if only the list_id is provided

`curl localhost:5000/lists?list_id=<LIST_ID>`

#### _POST(create) new list:_
`curl -X POST localhost:5000/lists --data 
'{
   "name": "<NAME>",
   "img_url": "<IMAGE URL>"
}' --header "Content-Type: application/json"`

### List to Products

> #### _GET all existing product_ids given an list_id (only authorized users can see private ones):_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### _GET all existing products given an list_id (only authorized users can see ones from private lists):_
```

`curl localhost:5000/list-to-products/<LIST_ID>`

> #### _POST(add) new products into existing ones (only authorized users can do this):_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### _POST(add) new product ids into an existing list (only authorized users can do this):_
```
